CFE-371:[WIP] [Draft] Docs work for ALB Operator (#43744)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/installing-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/install-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-installing-aws-load-balancer-operator_{context}"]
= Installing the AWS Load Balancer Operator

> You can install the External DNS Operator using the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Operator Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the AWS Load Balancer Operator using the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Operator Hub.
```

Author: acked
